Welcome back all.
So today we're going to continue building on what we have already created.
But before we get into the code let me go ahead and explain what we are about to do.
So I hope that you have a the server running with NPM start.
And here is the cereal.
And just be fresh and refresh the site OK.
So imagine for a moment that in some parallel universe you have a limited amount of accounts that you
can make on a certain server.
So that's just one of the stupid errors that can happen.
And in our case you could only create three accounts on the server because we are so generous and if
I type in blah blah create and smash my keyboard in the most random of fashions you know every time
I smacked my keyboard I keep thinking that it's random but these things keep on looking the same.
And it says OK creating error only three accounts are allowed.
OK but that's something that we've implemented.
Basically the server tells you OK you can only create three accounts but this is probably not the best
way to handle this.
Why.
Because you see I typed something in.
I typed something in again and I click on Create and that gives me an error and it all basically disappears.
Now this can be a different type of an error.
You can have a field that is populated by something that it is not supposed to contain.
And you can say improper values in the fields or something like that but what that error happens.
You don't want the fields to be reset completely because you don't want the user to have to input everything
over and over again until he gets the proper inputs.
Rather instead he just wanted throw the error message and leave whatever the user has written in this
field marking the fields in one way or another possibly which contain faulty information.
So that's one of the that's one of possible error handlings because you need these error handlers you
will need a good amount of them which will have some sort of procedures for this and for the possible
scenarios which might happen.
So we're just going to add to the account for today.
We're just going to add more code to the files which we have created previously and implement this logic
so that's all I really wanted to say here and now we're going to go ahead and jump into the code.